https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/171141

It was one of the adjustments we considered and asked Anand i…
  </blockquote>
</aside>
<hr>

<h4>Haricharan (#379)</h4>
<p>But sir, just because the repository doesn’t have .env file it couldn’t build the dockerimage, the docker image will build in any test environment as u said but it requires the .env to be included which the git didn’t have(it doesn’t allow upload of it ofcourse), don’t rerun the evaluation again but please sir atleast give me those 7/20 marks along with the pre-requisite bonus(1mark) that was mailed earlier to me along with logs…this is my primary degree after 12th, I’m also not asking any extra marks just the marks that i got earlier:<br/>
<div class="lightbox-wrapper"><a class="lightbox" data-download-href="/uploads/short-url/3fYWhioqF0dVCW0CqLGyjCLCVMa.png?dl=1" href="https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/6/16d50a2f5466ad8d9ed068b4af93899fe3295a4e.png" rel="noopener nofollow ugc" title="image"><div class="meta"><svg aria-hidden="true" class="fa d-icon d-icon-far-image svg-icon"><use href="#far-image"></use></svg><span class="filename">image</span><span class="informations">1850×1021 132 KB</span><svg aria-hidden="true" class="fa d-icon d-icon-discourse-expand svg-icon"><use href="#discourse-expand"></use></svg></div></a></div></p><hr>

<h4>Jivraj (#378)</h4>
<p>It was named wrongly.<br/>
You named it LICENCE but it should be LICENSE or LICENSE.md.</p><hr>

<h4>_0_Aryan (#377)</h4>
<p><a class="mention" href="/u/jivraj">@Jivraj</a> please tell me what was my mistake?</p><hr>

<h4>Jivraj (#376)</h4>
<p>It Should build in any test environment using Dockerfile from your github repo.</p><hr>

<h4>Haricharan (#375)</h4>
<p>But sir, It was supposed to run right…</p><hr>

<h4>Jivraj (#374)</h4>
<p>Sorry We can’t do any help, we won’t be considering for eval.</p><hr>

<h4>Haricharan (#373)</h4>
<p>Yes sir, please help me</p><hr>

<h4>Jivraj (#371)</h4>
<p>Yes problem was missing <code>.env</code> file, Your repo, was supposed to run in a test environment.</p><hr>

<h4>Jivraj (#370)</h4>
<p>After filling form you didn’t double check form.</p>
<aside class="quote group-ds-students" data-post="346" data-topic="171141" data-username="Abhay222">
<div class="title">
<div class="quote-controls"></div>
 Abhay222:</div>
<blockquote>
<p>I kindly request you please consider this correct image ID.</p>
</blockquote>
</aside>
<p>We can’t reconsider it.</p><hr>

<h4>Haricharan (#369)</h4>
<p>Sir actually my project doesn’t have requirements.txt, instead it installs automatically<br/>
when:<br/>
<code>uv run app.py</code> is run and for docker image it installs while building and I had submitted the docker image with all libraries required(the dockerfile below, in that it installs while building).<br/>
my dockerfile from the repo:</p>
<pre><code class="lang-auto">FROM python:3.12-slim-bookworm

# Install dependencies
RUN apt-get update &amp;&amp; apt-get install -y --no-install-recommends curl ca-certificates

# Download and install uv
ADD https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh /uv-installer.sh
RUN sh /uv-installer.sh &amp;&amp; rm /uv-installer.sh

# Install FastAPI and Uvicorn
RUN pip install fastapi uvicorn requests python-dateutil pandas db-sqlite3 scipy pybase64 python-dotenv httpx markdown duckdb faker pillow

# Ensure the installed binary is on the `PATH`
ENV PATH="/root/.local/bin:$PATH"

# Set up the application directory
WORKDIR /app
# Copy application files
COPY *.py /app/
COPY .env /app/

# Explicitly set the correct binary path and use `sh -c`
CMD ["/root/.local/bin/uv", "run", "app.py"]
</code></pre>
<p>here u can see it installs using pip install …</p>
<p>here it’s requiring <code>.env</code> file to be present in the project folder because my project when I was uploading to both git and docker had <code>.env</code> file for AIPROXY_TOKEN and I uploaded to docker with that <code>.env</code> file but as git doesn’t allow upload of <code>.env</code> file I couldn’t upload<code>.env</code> to git</p>
<p>the project will still work after downloading the repository when we upload AIPROXY_TOKEN as environment variable but to again build the docker image for replicating the test environment, my docker image could not be built because<code>.env</code> file doesn’t upload to GIT, so when I downloaded the repository from the above method, it didn’t have the <code>.env</code> file so it didn’t build so I had to create the <code>.env</code> file now to create the docker image, and for the dockerimage I had submitted, I built it with the <code>.env</code> file(it supports both<code>.env</code> file and environment variable one)</p><hr>

<h4>Jivraj (#368)</h4>
<p>For you naming of MIT License was not correct.<br/>
This shows naming criteria for adding License.<br/>
<a href="https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository" rel="noopener nofollow ugc">Adding a license to a repository - GitHub Docs</a></p><hr>

<h4>Jivraj (#367)</h4>
<aside class="quote group-ds-students" data-post="351" data-topic="171141" data-username="MITALI_R">
<div class="title">
<div class="quote-controls"></div>
 MITALI_R:</div>
<blockquote>
<p>23f1003094</p>
</blockquote>
</aside>
<p>While running docker image create by your github repo, we got following error <code>taskA module missing</code></p>
<p>For regenerating it follow steps that are mentioned here : <a class="inline-onebox" href="https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-official-project1-discrepencies/171141/316">Tds-official-Project1-discrepencies - #316</a></p><hr>

<h4>Jivraj (#366)</h4>
<p>This is error that you got while building docker image using docker file in your github repo tried copying requirements.txt which doesn’t exists</p>
<p>In your Dockerfile you are trying to copy requirements.txt but it doesn’t exists in the directory where Dockerfile is located</p><hr>

<h4>Jivraj (#365)</h4>
<p>For you check failed because of the naming of Dockerfile(It was named as dockerfile(d in small).</p><hr>

<h4>Jivraj (#364)</h4>
<p>Most common reason for during running docker image was <code>taskA module was missing</code> which is because a lot of students blindly copied from someone with building and running image, if they would have done that they could have corrected it at early stage.</p><hr>

<h4>21f1005908 (#363)</h4>
<p>Hi I have my Dockerfile saved as dockerfile, given 0 for project 1 due to this.