https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/172246

Please give the peer review bonus to those who did not attempt the GA7 or else it is really unfair for other students.</p><hr>

<h4>jkmadathil (#23)</h4>
<p>To all the people who are posting in this thread, I kindly request you to get the correct facts and data before starting a new thread.</p>
<p>So here are the first steps towards making this thread a more informed one:</p>
<ol>
<li>What is the policy related to bonus for Diploma level courses as per grading policy document?</li>
<li>What is the policy adopted in previous instances of TDS?</li>
<li>Did anyone read the text related to bonus marks associated with GA7?</li>
<li>Does anyone know what should be done to get the bonus?</li>
<li>Has anyone inquired about effort involved in getting the bonus?</li>
<li>After answering all the above, has someone actually tried to follow instructions in the “mail” to get the bonus?</li>
</ol>
<p>Patiently waiting for all your responses.</p><hr>

<h4>Namannn28 (#22)</h4>
<p><a class="mention" href="/u/carlton">@carlton</a> sir in the grading document it was mentioned best 4 out of 7 assignments but I did 6 GAs but skipped GA7 due to other assignments and projects but now we got to know that 5 bonus marks are given in ga 7 which seems unfair to all of us as mostly people who did GA7 are the one who were not able to complete previous GAs so giving bonus for the last day give them a edge</p>
<p>If it was announced before deadline of GA 7 it was okay and good for us to improve our grade but now it seems quite unfair so, please come with the best possible solution for this</p>
<p>Thanking you</p>
<p>waiting for your answer</p><hr>

<h4>Haricharan (#21)</h4>
<p><a class="mention" href="/u/carlton">@carlton</a> <a class="mention" href="/u/jivraj">@Jivraj</a> <a class="mention" href="/u/saransh_saini">@Saransh_Saini</a> <a class="mention" href="/u/s.anand">@s.anand</a><br/>
Yes Sir, I also completed 6 GAs even tho it was written only best 4 out of 7 GAs would be considered for final grade, but couldn’t complete GA 7 due to pressure of other subjects, if it was written in the grading document I would have done it, hoping you would understand Sir, Please do consider our request.<br/>
Thank you</p><hr>

<h4>23f2002121 (#20)</h4>
<p><a class="mention" href="/u/carlton">@carlton</a> <a class="mention" href="/u/jivraj">@Jivraj</a> <a class="mention" href="/u/saransh_saini">@Saransh_Saini</a> <a class="mention" href="/u/s.anand">@s.anand</a></p>
<p>The sudden introduction of bonus marks for GA7 in Tools in Data Science has left many students confused, as there was no prior intimation regarding this change.